Update api_basics.md (#27921)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/apis/api_basics.md

### REST

The structure of an API can take many forms, for example you could have routes named `/api/getAllPostComments/:postid` or `/api/posts/:postid/comments`.
_However_, it's conventional to follow REST (an acronym for Representational State Transfer), a popular and common organizational method for your APIs which corresponds with [CRUD actions](https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/nodejs/lessons/express-102-crud-and-mvc#crud). Following established patterns such as REST make your API more maintainable and make it easier for other developers to integrate with your API. Software development is often about clear communication which is aided by following expectations.

> The actual technical [definition of REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) is a little complicated, but our
> purposes, most of the elements (statelessness, cacheability, etc.) are covered by default just by using Express to output JSON. The piece that we specifically want to think about is how to **organize our endpoint URIs** (Uniform Resource Identifier).

Reviewer: Just need to fix the line break and accidental word chop-off
```suggestion
The actual technical [definition of REST](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) is a little complicated, but for our purposes, most of the elements (statelessness, cacheability, etc.) are covered by default just by using Express to output JSON. The piece that we specifically want to think about is how to **organize our endpoint URIs** (Uniform Resource Identifier).
```

The [Same Origin Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) is an important security measure that basically says "Only requests from the same origin (the same IP address or URL) should be allowed to access this API". (Look at the link above for a couple of examples of what counts as the 'same origin'.) This is a big problem for us because we are specifically trying to set up our API so that we can access it from different origins, so to enable that we need to set up Cross-origin resource sharing, or CORS.

[Setting up CORS in Express](https://expressjs.com/en/resources/middleware/cors.html#enabling-cors-pre-flight) is very easy, there’s a middleware that does the work for us. 

For now, it is acceptable to just allow access from any origin. This makes development quite a bit easier but for any _real_ project, once you deploy to a production environment you will probably want to specifically block access from any origin _except_ your frontend website. The documentation above explains how to do this.

### Assignment

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

> 1. Read and code along with this tutorial on [setting up a REST API in Express](https://www.robinwieruch.de/node-express-server-rest-api/). If you want to code along with the first article, please note this includes the body-parser middleware to parse JSON data on the request body, however since Express 4.16.0 this parsing functionality has been incorporated directly into the express package itself.
> 2. Read and code along with the following [tutorial](https://www.robinwieruch.de/node-express-server-rest-api/) to set up a REST API in Express. Discover one of the top Express tutorials covering modular code organization, middleware creation, and additional valuable resources.

Reviewer: Not sure what happened here - the first link's href got changed by mistake, and the second link needs to be changed as per the spreadsheet.

```suggestion
1. Read about [RESTful API design](https://stackoverflow.blog/2020/03/02/best-practices-for-rest-api-design). If you want to code along with the first article, please note this includes the body-parser middleware to parse JSON data on the request body, however since Express 4.16.0 this parsing functionality has been incorporated directly into the Express package itself.
1. Read and code along with this tutorial on [setting up a REST API in Express](https://www.robinwieruch.de/node-express-server-rest-api/). This is one of the best Express tutorials we've come across, it also talks about modular code organization, writing middleware, and links to some great extra info at the end.

```
